+++
#Don't remove title!
title = "Terms and Conditions for Proof of Concept Projects"
+++
<style type="text/css">
	p {/* color: black*/ line-height: 26px} 
	h4 {color: #4AA24D}
</style>
#### 1. DEFINITIONS

**“Affiliate”** means any individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, proprietorship or other entity which, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, a Party. **“Control”** means the power, directly or indirectly, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise.

**“Confidential Information”** means information about a Party’s business and financial matters, technical information and any other proprietary information relating to a Party or its Affiliates and their respective operations, businesses, technical know-how and financial affairs, that is obtained by the other Party as a result of the working relationship between the Parties, whether obtained prior to or after the date hereof. Confidential Information shall include, without limitation, trade secrets, discoveries, ideas, concepts, know-how, techniques, designs, specifications, drawings, maps, blueprints, diagrams, flow charts and any other technical, financial, business or proprietary information of any kind or nature whatsoever. Confidential Information shall not include any information that: (a) was previously known to the Parties free of any obligation to keep it confidential; (b) is or has become publicly known, through no wrongful act of either Party; (c) was rightfully received from a third party who is under no obligation of confidence to the receiving Party; (d) was independently developed by the Parties without use of Confidential Information that has been disclosed pursuant to this Agreement; or (e) was required to be disclosed in order to comply with applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, for securities law purposes) or with any requirement imposed by any governmental or court order, but only to the extent so required.

**“Deliverables”** means the Hardware, Software, Professional Services, Maintenance and Support Services, and/or any other deliverable arising out of or relating thereto, as set out in the PoC Agreement.

**“Documentation”** means all manuals, instructions and other documents (whether in hard copy, soft copy or web-based form) relating to, or necessary for, the use, operation or maintenance of the Hardware, the Software, or any other Deliverable, together with all enhancements, corrections, modifications and amendments to such documents that are furnished to Green IT Globe’s customer.

**“Hardware”** means any hardware to be provided by Company as specified in the PoC Agreement (if any).

**“Maintenance and Support Services”** means any support and maintenance services relating to the Hardware and Software, as may be provided by Company pursuant to the PoC Agreement and the Maintenance and Support Terms.

**“Maintenance and Support Terms”** means Company’s then current Maintenance and Support terms, a copy of which can be accessed at www.greenitglobe.com/support

**“PoC Agreement”** means the agreement regarding the delivery of a **“proof of concept”** installation consisting of Hardware, Software and/or Services, as the case may be.

**“Services”** means, Professional Services, Maintenance and Support Services or both.

**“Software”** means the proprietary software licensed to Customer by Company, as set forth in the PoC Agreement, and any third party software required to operate Company’s proprietary software, all in machine readable, object code form, together with all enhancements, modifications, corrections and amendments thereto.

**“Specifications”** means the technical requirements for, and performance standards of, the Hardware, Software, or any Deliverable as set forth in the Documentation, the PoC Agreement and any other Company publication made available to Customer from time to time.


#### 2. PARTIES; SCOPE
2.1 General Scope. These terms govern the purchase of products and services from 0-Complexity BVBA, a Belgian limited liability company with registered office at Antwerpsesteenweg 19, 9080 Lochristi, Belgium (registered with the Crossraods bank of Enterprises (‘KBO’) under company number 0835.566.611), doing business under the brand name **“Green IT Globe”** or **“GIG”** (**“Company”**) by the Customer entity identified in the PoC Agreement (**“Customer”**).  
Company shall supply to Customer the Hardware, Software, Services and Documentation so ordered by Customer from time to time, either pursuant to the PoC Agreement or through the issuance of purchase prders in accordance with such PoC Agreement.  
2.2 Exclusion of other terms. Company’s deliveries to Customer shall exclusively be governed by the terms and conditions set forth hereunder and the terms of the PoC Agreement. Customer’s general terms and conditions (if any) shall not apply (even if company has not explicitly objected to their applicability). However, in case of conflict between the terms of the PoC Agreement and the present General Terms and Conditions, the terms of the PoC Agreement shall prevail.  
2.3 Third-party performance. Company may entrust third parties with the performance of this Agreement (or a certain part thereof). The relevant third party shall be identified in the PoC Agreement.


#### 3. PRICING AND PAYMENT
3.1 Pricing. The prices and fees for Deliverables shall be as set forth in the PoC Agreement. All prices and payments shall be in U.S. dollars, except if otherwise provided in the PoC Agreement.  
3.2 Invoicing.  Company shall issue an invoice on the execution date of the PoC Agreement, and against each countersigned subsequent purchase order (if any) (the **“Invoice”**). Each Invoice shall automatically become due and payable within thirty (30) calendar days from the date of the Invoice, to the Company’s designated bank account. All costs for wire transfer payments will be borne by Customer. The relevant due date shall be the incoming date of the payment on the Company’s bank account, as indicated on the invoice. Invoices may be sent in electronic form by email.  
3.3 Late Payments. In the event that Customer fails to make any payment of undisputed amounts on or prior to the applicable invoice due date (as determined in accordance with this Section 3), then those undisputed amounts shall accrue interest from the due date at a rate of eight percent (8%) per annum (or such lesser rate as may be the maximum permissible rate allowed under applicable law), calculated from the first day when such amount became due and owing until the date on which such amount is paid. The Company’s right to claim additional damages shall remain unaffected.  
3.4 Taxes. Customer shall pay all federal, state or local sales or use taxes and any other government taxes, fees, duties or charges that are imposed upon the fees and charges paid by Customer to Company pursuant to this Agreement. Company will be responsible for all other taxes arising from the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including, without limitation, any taxes based upon Company’s property, net income or gross receipts. Customer shall pay all such amounts directly to the taxing authority unless the taxing authority requires that Company collect and remit payment, in which event Customer shall pay such amounts to Company and Company shall remit such amounts to the authority and provide Customer with a certificate stating that such amounts were so remitted. Customer and Company shall reasonably cooperate in order to take actions to minimize, or to qualify for exemptions from, any applicable taxes, duties or tariffs. Such cooperation shall include, without limitation, the furnishing of certifications that purchases by Customer are for purposes of resale, if applicable. Customer and Company shall each have the right to protest or appeal any tax or charge assessed against it by any taxing authority with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement.


#### 4. DELIVERY AND ACCEPTANCE
4.1 Delivery. Unless otherwise agreed, prices are ExWorks (INCOTERMS 2010) from the production premises of the third party designated in the Purchase Order pursuant to article 2.4 above. Any charges Company may be required to pay or collect on the sale, purchase, delivery, storage, use or transportation of the goods shall be paid by Customer. Method of shipment will be at Company's discretion unless otherwise agreed.  
4.2 Title; Risk of Loss. Unless otherwise agreed, the risk of loss passes to Customer when the goods are delivered to the carrier, as described in INCOTERMS 2010 (the **“Delivery Date”**). Where the risk of loss has passed to Customer, Customer must obtain redress for freight losses, shortages or damages from the carrier or its insurer. Company is not responsible for any such losses. Notwithstanding any provision of INCOTERMS 2010 or contained herein, equitable title and accession to the goods shall, where permitted by law, remain with Company until Customer is paid in full. This shall be the case even if legal title to the goods shall be deemed by law to have passed to Customer at the time of delivery and prior to performance of all of Customer's obligations. Customer shall grant, and by acceptance of the goods is deemed to have granted, to Company a first security interest in all goods to secure payment of amounts owed by Customer. Customer agrees to execute a financing statement at Company's request. Company may reclaim any goods delivered or in transit if Customer fails to make payment when due.  
Any Software made available to Customer shall remain the property of the Company until such Software has been paid in full by the Customer. Risk in respect of the Software will pass to the Customer upon the relevant license keys having been made available by the Company to the Customer.  
4.3 Acceptance. In respect of the Hardware: the Hardware shall be deemed to be accepted by Customer ten (10) calendar days after collection of the Hardware by Customer, unless Customer gives full and detailed notice in writing to the Company of any alleged defect in the Hardware before expiry of the aforementioned period. Acceptance shall cover all defects which Customer could discover or should reasonably have discovered at the time of the **“Ex Works”** delivery of the Hardware or following ten (10) calendar days when carrying out careful inspection, including discrepancies between the order and the delivery in terms of models, quantities and appearance of the Hardware.  
In respect of the Software: All Software will be deemed accepted by Customer upon shipment thereof to the Customer, or delivery of the applicable license keys necessary to permit the Customer to gain access to and operate the Software, whichever occurs first.


#### 5. SOFTWARE LICENSE
5.1. License Grant. During the term of the Agreement and subject to the limitations set forth hereinafter, Company grants Customer a limited, personal, non-exclusive, revocable, non-transferable, non-assignable, without the right to sub-license, license to use the version or release of the **“Green IT Globe”** branded Software as set out in the PoC Agreement or as listed in the purchase order, and any updates or upgrades which Customer is entitled to pursuant to the Maintenance and Support Services (if any). Permitted use is for internal purposes only, in a non-production environment at Customer’s premises (and not for further commercialization), and is subject to any specific software licensing information or end-user license agreement that accompanies the software product or its supporting material. For non-**“Green IT Globe”** branded software, the third party’s license terms will govern its use.  
5.2. Limitations Company does not grant, and Customer does not obtain under this Agreement, any rights to modify or make derivative works of the Software, nor to reverse engineer or make any copies or similar versions of any portion of such Software and/or the Documentation, or otherwise decompile or disassemble the object code copy of the Software. The extent of the license is expressly set forth herein, and there are no implied licenses or licenses granted by waiver or otherwise under this Agreement.
Company reserves any rights not expressly granted to Customer hereunder. Customer agrees not to exceed the scope of the license granted herein. Customer further understands that it is acquiring only the right to use the Software in accordance with the license, and that all title, ownership, copyright, and other intellectual property rights vested in the Software shall remain with Company and/or its licensors.


#### 6. CUSTOMER OBLIGATIONS
6.1 Information. Customer shall provide Company with such information regarding the testing as reasonably requested by Company. Customer shall in any event, within a reasonable period from them becoming available, provide Company with the complete set of test results, and Customer agrees to inform Company of all problems and ideas for enhancement in respect of the Deliverables which come to Customer’s attention as a result of the license, and hereby assigns to Company (or any third party designated by Company) all rights, title and interest (including any intellectual and industrial property rights) in and to such ideas and enhancements. The Parties explicitly acknowledge and agree that such test results shall constitute confidential information and hence be subject to the confidentiality and non-disclosure obligations set forth in this Agreement in respect of such confidential information.  
6.2. Cooperation and safety. To the extent that work is performed on the Customer’s premises, infrastructure such as required workstations, working materials and tools shall be provided to the Company’s personnel free of charge. In such cases, the Customer shall be responsible for taking care of all legal duties to maintain safety, unless other arrangements arise from the nature of the matter or a prior arrangement with the Customer. Company shall have the right to refuse delivery and/or performance of service if the required measures are not taken.  
6.3 Designated Person. The Customer shall name a designated contact person as a receiver of Deliverables, who shall also be the sole authority for making representations and/or reporting complaints or deficiencies to Company.


#### 7. MAINTENANCE AND SUPPORT SERVICES
Company will provide maintenance and support services if and to the extent as set forth in the PoC Agreement, in accordance with Company’s then current Maintenance and Support Terms, a copy of which can be accessed at www.greenitglobe.com/support.


#### 8. WARRANTIES
8.1. Disclaimer. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.

8.2 Limitations. To the fullest extent permitted by law, Company’s total liability whatsoever, in contract, tort (including negligence or breach of statutory duty), or howsoever otherwise arising in connection with direct damage in the performance or contemplated performance of the PoC Agreement for each respective breach or series of related breaches or any and all losses, shall not exceed in the aggregate the actual amount paid by the Customer to the Company for the Deliverables under the PoC Agreement. The existence of one or more claims under this Agreement shall not enlarge the limit.
In no event shall Company be liable to Customer for any indirect or consequential loss or damage (whether for loss of profit, loss of business, loss of opportunity, missed savings, depletion of goodwill, recall, dismantling or otherwise), costs, expenses or other claims for consequential compensation, including and encompassing any future profit projections on the part of the Customer.
Furthermore, the Company shall not be liable for any delays, losses or other damages which may result from the furnishing of the Solution or the services to Customer under this Agreement or canceling the Solution and/or services. Customer acknowledges that the Company has the right at any time to change, cancel, delay, or withdraw its efforts and schedules toward the Solution even to the extent of eliminating or delaying indefinitely the further production or development of the Solution.
The limitations and exclusions of liability, as well as indemnity stipulated for Company itself in the above paragraphs are also stipulated for and on behalf of its directors, employees, agents and other intermediaries and/or any other person employed by it or delivering services to it within the framework of the Agreement.  
8.3 Exceptions to the limitations. The limitations and exclusions referred to in this clause will not apply in the event the liability results from the Company’s intent (or that of its subordinates or assistants).


#### 9. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHT INFRINGEMENTS
Company will defend and/or settle any claims against Customer that allege that a Company-branded product or service as supplied under this Agreement infringes the intellectual property rights of a third party. Company will rely on Customer’s prompt notification of the claim and cooperation with Company’s defense. Company may modify the product or service so as to be non-infringing and materially equivalent, or we may procure a license. If these options are not available, Company will refund to Customer the amount paid for the affected product in the first year or the depreciated value thereafter or, for support services, the balance of any pre-paid amount.  Company is not responsible for claims resulting from any unauthorized use of the products or services.

#### 10. TERM AND TERMINATION
10.1 Term. This Agreement enters into effect on the Effective Date and shall, subject to the provisions hereinafter, continue to be in effect for as long as Customer is entitled to receive Maintenance and Support Services from Company, which term is set forth in the PoC Agreement, or for such other term as may be set out in the PoC Agreement.  
10.2 Termination for Cause. Either Party may terminate the PoC Agreement for cause and without penalty in the following circumstances: (i) the other Party applied for, or consents to, the appointment of, or the taking of possession by, a receiver, custodian, trustee or liquidator of itself or of all or a substantial part of its property, (ii) upon the other Party ceasing to conduct business, becoming or being declared by a federal bankruptcy court to be insolvent or bankrupt, or being the subject of any proceeding under the federal bankruptcy code or under any other law relating to relief from creditors generally that is not dismissed within sixty (60) days; (iii) upon the appointment of, or application for, a receiver, custodian, trustee or liquidator of the other Party or all or any substantial portion of the other Party’s business or operations; (iv) upon the assignment of all or substantially all the assets of the other Party for the benefit of creditors; (v) the other Party’s liquidation, dissolution or winding-up; or (vi) upon the other Party’s material breach of this Agreement, if the other Party fails to cure such breach within thirty (30) days after receipt of written notice specifying the breach in reasonable detail.  
10.3 Return of Property. Within ten (10) days of termination of the PoC Agreement, Company will deliver to Customer any and all property of Customer and its Affiliates that is in Company’s possession or control.  
10.4 Survival. Sections 8, 9, 10, 11 and 13 (together with all other provisions hereof, including, without limitation, all Exhibits and other attachments hereto, that may be reasonably interpreted as surviving termination or expiration of this Agreement) will survive the termination or expiration of the PoC Agreement.


#### 11. CONFIDENTIALITY
11.1 Confidentiality. The Parties acknowledge and agree that each Party may be given access to Confidential Information under this Agreement. Each Party disclosing Confidential Information to the other Party in a tangible medium (e.g., a paper or disk) shall mark such medium as containing Confidential Information. Confidential Information that is disclosed orally shall be identified as confidential at the time of disclosure. Notwithstanding the marking requirement for tangible information and the identification requirement for orally disclosed information, Confidential Information will also include, without limitation, information which, due to its character or nature, reasonable people in a like position and under like circumstances would treat as confidential or understand as being confidential. All Confidential Information will be the sole and exclusive property of the Party providing the Confidential Information, and the receiving Party will not have any ownership interest in the other Party’s Confidential Information or engage in any derivative uses of such Confidential Information. Each Party agrees that during the term of this Agreement and for three (3) years thereafter, the receiving Party shall (a) use at least the same degree of care to prevent unauthorized use and disclosure of such Confidential Information as that Party uses with respect to its own Confidential Information (but in no event less than a reasonable degree of care); (b) use such Confidential Information only in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement; and (c) not disclose or grant access to such Confidential Information to any third party without the express prior written consent of the disclosing Party. The existence of this Agreement, and all of the terms and conditions hereof, shall be deemed to be Confidential Information of each of the Parties. In a circumstance in which disclosure of Confidential Information is compelled by a governmental or court order, the Party that is subject to such compelled disclosure shall limit the disclosure to only that Confidential Information which must be disclosed in order to comply with the order and shall give the other Party prompt prior written notice of such compelled disclosure so that the other Party may seek to protect such Confidential Information. The receiving Party shall return, or at the disclosing Party’s option, destroy (and certify in writing such return or destruction) any and all Confidential Information to the disclosing Party upon the written request of the disclosing Party. This Section 11.1 shall survive termination of this Agreement.  
11.2 Equitable Relief. Each party agrees that its breach of any provision in this Section 11 may result in irreparable harm to the other party for which monetary damages may not provide a sufficient remedy. Therefore, the non-breaching party may seek both monetary damages and equitable relief with respect to any such breach. In the event a party commits a material breach of any obligation in this Section 9 and such breach by its nature is not curable or, if curable, the breaching party fails to cure such breach within thirty (30) days after the non-breaching party gives written notice to the breaching party of such breach, the non-breaching party may, in addition to any other remedies it may have, terminate this Agreement, in whole or in part, effective immediately and without liability in connection therewith, by giving separate written notice.


#### 12. RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES
Company is an independent contractor, and the PoC Agreement will not be construed to create any partnership, joint venture, agency or employment relationship between Company and Customer. Company will not represent itself to be an employee, representative, partner, joint venturer or agent of Customer. Company will have no authority (a) to enter into any agreement on Customer’s behalf or in Customer’s name or represent Customer for any purpose whatsoever, or (b) to promote or sell Customer’s products or services. Company will retain full control over the manner in which it performs all services provided to Customer and will not be entitled to workers’ compensation, retirement, insurance, stock options or other benefits afforded to employees of Customer.


#### 13. MISCELLANEOUS
13.1 Assignment. The PoC Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties thereto and their respective, permitted successors. Company may assign the PoC Agreement in its discretion without Customer’s consent, and Customer shall be provided notice of such assignment thereafter.  The PoC Agreement is personal to Customer and, accordingly, shall not be assigned by Customer without the prior written consent of Company, which Company shall not unreasonably withhold.  
13.2 Waivers and Remedies. The failure of either Party to enforce any provision of PoC Agreement and/opr the present Terms will not constitute a waiver of such Party’s rights to subsequently enforce the provision. The remedies specified in this Agreement are in addition to any other remedies that may be available at law or in equity.  
13.3. Severability. If any provision of the PoC Agreement and/opr the present Terms will be held to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, the remaining provisions will continue to be valid and enforceable. If a court finds that any provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable, but that by limiting such provision, it would become valid and enforceable, then such provision will be deemed to be written, construed, and enforced as so limited.  
13.4. Governing Law. The PoC Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the Kingdom of Belgium. The courts of Ghent (Belgium) shall have exclusive jurisdiction with respect to any claims originating from, or relating to, the PoC Agreement and/opr the present Terms . 
 
 
 
 


