+++
title = "TERMS AND CONDITIONS"
+++

### GREEN IT GLOBE GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SALE

These General Terms and Conditions of sale, together with the Purchase Order and the Specific Agreement (if any), represent the agreement (**“Agreement”**) that governs the sale, licensing or delivery of Deliverables by Green IT Globe NV, with registered office at Antwerpsesteenweg 19, B-9080 Lochristi (Belgium), commercial registry nr. 0835.566.611 (RPR Gent) (the **“Company”**) to the Customer. In case of contradiction or discrepancies, the Purchase Order shall prevail over the Specific Agreement, which in turn shall prevail over the General Terms set out hereinafter. Customer’s general terms and conditions (if any) shall not apply (even if company has not explicitly objected to their applicability).

**1. DEFINITIONS**    
**“Acceptance”** means that any Deliverable has successfully completed the Acceptance process set forth in Section 4. Such Acceptance may be either explicit or implicit, i.e. in the absence of an explicit and or valid Rejection (as defined hereinafter).   
**“Acceptance Period”** means fifteen (15) days as from the Delivery Date, unless otherwise agreed to in the Purchase Order or Specific Agreement.   
**“Acceptance Criteria”** means the list of criteria which need to be complied with in order for a Deliverable to be deemed accepted by the Customer, as attached to the Purchase Order or Specific Agreement.   
**“Affiliate”** means any individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, proprietorship or other entity which, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, a Party. “Control” means the power, directly or indirectly, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise.   
**“Confidential Information”** means information about a Party’s business and financial matters, technical information and any other proprietary information relating to a Party or its Affiliates and their respective operations, businesses, technical know-how and financial affairs, that is obtained by the other Party as a result of the working relationship between the Parties, whether obtained prior to or after the date hereof. Confidential Information shall include, without limitation, trade secrets, discoveries, ideas, concepts, know-how, techniques, designs, specifications, drawings, maps, blueprints, diagrams, flow charts and any other technical, financial, business or proprietary information of any kind or nature whatsoever. Confidential Information shall not include any information that: (a) was previously known to the Parties free of any obligation to keep it confidential; (b) is or has become publicly known, through no wrongful act of either Party; (c) was rightfully received from a third party who is under no obligation of confidence to the receiving Party; (d) was independently developed by the Parties without use of Confidential Information that has been disclosed pursuant to this Agreement; or (e) was required to be disclosed in order to comply with applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, for securities law purposes) or with any requirement imposed by any governmental or court order, but only to the extent so required.    
**“Customer”** means the customer entity identified in the Order Form or Specific Agreement, as the case may be.   
**“Deliverables”** means the Hardware, Software, Professional Services and/or Maintenance and Support Services, or any deliverable specified in a Purchase Order.    
**“Delivery Date”** means the date on which the Deliverables are made available for reception  by the Customer in accordance with Section 4.1.   
**“Documentation”** means all manuals, instructions and other documents (whether in hard copy, soft copy or web-based form) relating to, or necessary for, the use, operation or maintenance of the Deliverables, together with all enhancements, corrections, modifications and amendments to such documents that are furnished to Customer under this Agreement.    
**“End User Portal”** means such part of the Software which constitutes the front-end portal, consisting of a public portal with private spaces, that provides an integrated front-end platform for the management of cloud services based running on top of the Software’s provisioning system and/or back-end management portal.   
**“Hardware”** means any hardware to be provided by Company as specified in a Purchase Order or Specific Agreement.    
**“Maintenance and Support Services”** means the support and maintenance of the Hardware and Software, as provided by Company pursuant to the Purchase Order and the Maintenance and Support Terms.   
**“Maintenance and Support Terms”** means Company’s then current Maintenance and Support terms, a copy of which can be accessed at www.greenitglobe.com/support   
**“Party”** means any party to this Agreement;    
**“Purchase Order”** means any purchase order generated by Company or Customer as detailed in Section 2.5 or any document that the Parties mutually agree upon as the vehicle for procuring Hardware, Software and/or Services pursuant to this Agreement.   
**“Rejection”** means the explicit rejection of Deliverables which have not successfully completed the Acceptance process set forth in Section 4, provided that the following cumulative conditions have all been completed:
the Rejection must be notified by Customer to Company within the Acceptance Period (i.e. at the latest on the last day of the Acceptance Period);
Customer has returned to Company all rejected Deliverables immediately after the Rejection notice; and
the rejected Deliverables are in good working condition and without damages.
Any rejection that does not meet all aforementioned cumulative conditions shall not qualify as a Rejection and shall be deemed an implicit Acceptance.   
**“Services”** means, collectively, Professional Services and Maintenance and Support Services.    
**“Software”** means the proprietary software licensed to Customer by Company, as set forth in the Purchase Order or Specific Agreement, and any third party software required to operate Company’s proprietary software, all in machine readable, object code form, together with all enhancements, modifications, corrections and amendments thereto.    
**“Specifications”** means the technical requirements for, and performance standards of, the Deliverable as set forth in the Order Form, Specific Agreement or other Documentation provided to Customer.    
**“Specific Agreement”** means any agreement entered into between the Parties containing specific terms and provisions governing their commercial relationship relating to the Deliverables (such as a sale-purchase agreement, OEM agreement, reseller agreement, distributor agreement, commercial partnership, joint venture agreement, license agreement, etc.).   
**“Third-Party User”** means any of Customer’s clients or customers who are accessing or using the Software through the End User Portal. 

**2. PURCHASE ORDERS**       
**2.1 Purchase Orders.**  Either party may issue a Purchase Orders in hard copy, by fax or electronically, and such Purchase Order must be signed by an authorized signatory of each Party within thirty (30) days of the issuance thereof. In order to qualify as a Purchase Order, the relevant document shall specify, without limitation, at least:   
- The identity of the Customer;   
- The Deliverables;   
- The Effective Date;   
- The Acceptance Period; and   
- The prices and fees to be paid in respect of the Deliverables.   
In addition, each Purchase Order issued may set forth (i) the applicable quantities, (ii) the unit prices, (iii) the bill-to address, (iv) the site(s) where any Services are to be performed (if applicable), and (v) any additional special terms or instructions.    
**2.2 Third-party performance.** Company may entrust third parties with the performance of this Agreement. The relevant third party shall be identified in the Purchase Order.

**3. PRICING AND PAYMENT**     
**3.1 Pricing.** The prices and fees for Deliverables shall be as set forth in the Purchase Order and/or Specific Agreement. All prices and payments shall be in U.S. dollars, unless stated otherwise in the Purchase Order and/or Specific Agreement.      
**3.2 Invoicing.** Company shall issue an invoice against each countersigned Purchase Order or - in the absence thereof - Specific Agreement (the **“Invoice”**).    
**3.3 Payment term.**      
Each Invoice shall automatically become due and payable on the date of Acceptance of the Deliverables, or within thirty (30) days as from the date of the Invoice, whichever occurs first.            
**3.4 Late Payments.** In the event that Customer fails to make any payment of undisputed amounts on or prior to the applicable invoice due date (as determined in accordance with this Section 3), then those undisputed amounts shall accrue interest from the due date at a rate of eight percent (8%) per annum (or such lesser rate as may be the maximum permissible rate allowed under applicable law), calculated from the first day when such amount became due and owing until the date on which such amount is paid. The Company’s right to claim additional damages shall remain unaffected.     
**3.5 Taxes.** Customer shall pay all federal, state or local sales or use taxes and any other government taxes, fees, duties or charges that are imposed upon the fees and charges paid by Customer to Company pursuant to this Agreement. Company will be responsible for all other taxes arising from the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including, without limitation, any taxes based upon Company’s property, net income or gross receipts. Customer shall pay all such amounts directly to the taxing authority unless the taxing authority requires that Company collect and remit payment, in which event Customer shall pay such amounts to Company and Company shall remit such amounts to the authority and provide Customer with a certificate stating that such amounts were so remitted. Customer and Company shall reasonably cooperate in order to take actions to minimize, or to qualify for exemptions from, any applicable taxes, duties or tariffs. Such cooperation shall include, without limitation, the furnishing of certifications that purchases by Customer are for purposes of resale, if applicable. Customer and Company shall each have the right to protest or appeal any tax or charge assessed against it by any taxing authority with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement. 

**4. DELIVERY AND ACCEPTANCE**   
**4.1 Delivery.** Unless otherwise agreed, prices are ExWorks (INCOTERMS 2010) from the production premises of the Company in Lochristi (Belgium) or the third party designated in the Purchase Order and/or Specific Agreement. Any charges Company may be required to pay or collect on the sale, purchase, delivery, storage, use or transportation of the goods shall be paid by Customer.    
**4.2 Export regulations.** Customer is responsible for complying with all applicable export and/or re-export restrictions and regulations.   
**4.3 Title; Risk of Loss.** Unless otherwise agreed, the risk of loss passes to Customer when the goods are delivered to the carrier, as described in INCOTERMS 2010 (the **“Delivery Date”**). Where the risk of loss has passed to Customer, Customer must obtain redress for freight losses, shortages or damages from the carrier or its insurer. Company is not responsible for any such losses. Notwithstanding any provision of INCOTERMS 2010 or contained herein, equitable title and accession to the goods shall, where permitted by law, remain with Company until Customer is paid in full. This shall be the case even if legal title to the goods shall be deemed by law to have passed to Customer at the time of delivery and prior to performance of all of Customer's obligations. Customer shall grant, and by acceptance of the goods is deemed to have granted, to Company a first security interest in all goods to secure payment of amounts owed by Customer. Customer agrees to execute a financing statement at Company's request. Company may reclaim any goods delivered or in transit if Customer fails to make payment when due. 
**4.4 Inspection and Acceptance.** During the Acceptance Period Customer will evaluate any Deliverable that has been delivered to Customer or performed in accordance with this Agreement to determine whether it complies with all applicable Specifications and Acceptance Criteria. Customer shall give Company written notice of Acceptance or Rejection within the Acceptance Period. 
During the installation and testing process, Company’s specialists shall be available to provide consultation requested by Customer regarding the preparation of the installation and testing environment for each Deliverable as specified in Purchase Order provided hereunder. 
Upon notice of Rejection, Customer may:
immediately return to Company the relevant Deliverables, provided such Deliverables are in good working condition and without damages, in which case the Invoice will be cancelled through a credit note; 
direct Company to correct the nonconformity, in which case Company (at no cost to Customer) shall correct the nonconformity within thirty (30) days of Customer’s request; or
upon mutual agreement of the Parties, pay Company a reduced amount for the nonconforming item (in which case the Invoice will be partially cancelled accordingly through a credit note). 
Deliverables provided to Customer will be deemed accepted and the Invoice shall become automatically due and payable:
upon receipt of Customer’s notice of Acceptance
in the absence of any notice of Rejection within the Acceptance Period, at the expiration of such Acceptance Period;
in the absence of any return of the Deliverables within the Acceptance Period; or
when returned Deliverables are damaged. 

**5. SOFTWARE LICENSE**   
**5.1. License Grant.** During the term of the Agreement and subject to the limitations set forth hereinafter, Company grants Customer a limited, personal, non-exclusive, revocable, non-transferable, non-assignable, without the right to sub-license, license to:
use the version or release of the **“Green IT Globe”** Software listed in the Purchase Order and/or Specific Agreement, and any updates or upgrades which Customer is entitled to pursuant to the Maintenance and Support Services; and
to the extent explicitly provided in the Purchase Order and/or Specific Agreement, grant each Third-Party User the right to use the Software made accessible on or through the End User Portal, solely for the purposes of using the services provided by Customer to its clients.   
**5.2. Limitations**   
Except as set out in the Specific Agreement (if any), permitted use is for internal purposes only, in a non-production environment at Customer’s premises (and not for further commercialization), and is subject to any specific software licensing information or end-user license agreement that accompanies the Software or its supporting material. For non-**“Green IT Globe”** branded software, the third party’s license terms will govern its use. In the event of any contradiction or uncertainty between the license terms contained in this Agreement and the license terms with respect to the portions of the Software governed by such third party’s license terms, the applicable third party’s license terms will prevail.
Company does not grant, and Customer does not obtain under this Agreement, any rights to modify or make derivative works of the Software, nor to reverse engineer or make any copies or similar versions of any portion of such Software and/or the Documentation, or otherwise decompile or disassemble the object code copy of the Software. The extent of the license is expressly set forth herein, and there are no implied licenses or licenses granted by waiver or otherwise under this Agreement. 
Company reserves any rights not expressly granted to Customer hereunder. Customer agrees not to exceed the scope of the license granted herein. Customer further understands that it is acquiring only the right to use the Software in accordance with the license, and that all title, ownership, copyright, and other intellectual property rights vested in the Software shall remain with Company and/or its licensors.

**6.  TRADEMARKS**   
The Customer’s services provided to the Third-Party User through the Software may be marketed, distributed, provided and otherwise utilized either under Company’s Trademarks or under Customer’s Trademarks. In view thereof, the Customer may privately label the End-User Portal, and may remove the Company’s branding, Trademarks or service marks on the Software and other Deliverables and attach Customer Trademarks thereto, provided, however, that the Company’s copyright and other proprietary rights notices will remain on the Software and that Customer shall not remove such notices or permit others to do so.
The Customer has the right to create and distribute promotional materials for the Software and, as part of that process, the Customer may use and modify the promotional materials and rebrand or white label product manuals provided by the Company.

**7. CUSTOMER OBLIGATIONS**      
**7.1 End-User Terms**   
Customer undertakes to enforce the principles of this Agreement and to procure that Customer’s Third-Party Users commit to adequate terms and conditions in respect of the use of the Deliverables to ensure protection of Company’s and its licensors’ intellectual property rights and confidential information, which terms and conditions must be consistent with the terms of this Agreement.
If a breach of any provisions of the contract with such Third-Party Users  occurs, Customer shall take prompt corrective action to remedy the breach and shall, in addition, notify the Company in writing of such breach and the corrective action taken.
Customer shall not grant Third-Party Users any more rights than those rights Customer is entitled to grant under this Agreement, and will not entail any liability for the Company beyond those expressly set out in this Agreement. 
Customer shall cause its Third-Party Users to accept and adhere to an acceptable use policy including a code of conduct allowing normal use of the Software, preventing illegal activities and/or what could reasonably considered excessive in the light of the technical specifications of the Software, and providing for termination of its rights when making usage which may be considered illegal, excessive or unfair, or which affects other users’ rights or enjoyment of the Software, or which is not consistent with the usage typically expected on this kind of software product.  
**7.2. Information.** Customer shall provide Company with such information regarding the testing as reasonably requested by Company. Customer shall in any event, within a reasonable period from them becoming available, provide Company with the complete set of test results, and Customer agrees to inform Company of all problems and ideas for enhancement in respect of the Deliverables which come to Customer’s attention as a result of the license, and hereby assigns to Company (or any third party designated by Company) all rights, title and interest (including any intellectual and industrial property rights) in and to such ideas and enhancements. The Parties explicitly acknowledge and agree that such test results shall constitute confidential information and hence be subject to the confidentiality and non-disclosure obligations set forth in this Agreement in respect of such confidential information.   
**7.2. Cooperation and safety.** To the extent that work is performed on the Customer’s premises, infrastructure such as required workstations, working materials and tools shall be provided to our personnel free of charge. In such cases, the Customer shall be responsible for taking care of all legal duties to maintain safety, unless other arrangements arise from the nature of the matter or a prior arrangement with the Customer. Company shall have the right to refuse delivery and/or performance of service if the required measures are not taken.   
**7.3 Designated Person.** The Customer shall name a designated contact person as a receiver of Deliverables, who shall also be the sole authority for making representations and/or reporting complaints or deficiencies to Company.

**8. MAINTENANCE AND SUPPORT SERVICES**   
Company will provide the maintenance and support services for the Software as set forth in the Purchase Order, in accordance with Company’s then current Maintenance and Support Terms, a copy of which can be accessed at www.greenitglobe.com/support

**9. WARRANTIES**   
**9.1 Software Warranty by Company to Customer.** Company warrants to Customer that, for a period of ninety (90) days from the date of completion of installation of the relevant Software at the Customer site, the Software will substantially conform to the licensor’s published specifications. Company does not warrant that operation of the Software will be uninterrupted or error-free, or that functions contained in the Software will operate to meet Customer’s requirements.
Subject to Customer’s payment of the relevant maintenance fees, the aforementioned Software Warranty may be extended in accordance with the Maintenance and Support Terms.      
**9.2 Hardware Warranty by Company to Customer.** Company further warrants to Customer that all Hardware (excluding Software) shall be free from Defects (as defined hereinafter) in material or workmanship under normal use and service for a period of six (6) months from the date of completion of installation of the relevant Hardware at the Customer site, but in no event shall the warranty period extend beyond twelve (12) months after the date of original shipment of the Products from Company to Customer.  
Subject to Customer’s payment of the relevant maintenance fees, the aforementioned Hardware Warranty may be extended in accordance with the Maintenance and Support Terms.       
**9.3 Services Warranties.** Company warrants that all Services performed hereunder shall be performed in a timely, professional and workmanlike manner, in conformance with industry practices, and Company warrants the workmanship of such Services for a period of ninety (90) days from the date on which the applicable Services are accepted.    
**9.4 Third-Party Products.** Deliverables which are supplied by Company pursuant to this Agreement but which are manufactured by, or developed by, third party vendors will, in addition to (and not in lieu of) the Hardware and Software warranties set forth hereinafter, carry the warranties specified by the applicable third party vendor, which warranties Company shall extend to Customer to the full extent permissible under such warranties.    
For purposes of this Agreement the term **“Defect”** shall mean the Product fails to operate or fails to conform to its applicable specifications, and such failure is solely attributable to Company.    
**9.5 Eligibility.** The warranties made under this Agreement do not include damage due to negligence, improper installation or operation, accident, or other conditions other than normal use which might cause the Hardware or Software to fail. Company shall have no responsibility or liability for any Hardware or Software, or part thereof, that (a) has had the Serial Number, Model Number, or other identification markings altered, removed or rendered illegible; (b) has been damaged by or subject to improper installation or operation, misuse, accident, neglect and/or has been used in any way other than in strict compliance with Company’s operation and installation manual; (c) has become defective or inoperative due to its integration or assembly with any equipment or products not supplied by Company; (d) has been repaired, modified or otherwise altered by anyone other than Company and/or has been subject to the opening of any sealed boxes without Company’s prior written consent. If any warranty claim by Customer falls within any of the foregoing exceptions, Customer shall pay Company its then current rates and charges for such services.    
**9.6 Termination.** Cancellation or termination of this Agreement by either Company or Customer shall void this warranty.   
**9.7 Remedies and repair.** Company’s liability and responsibility under this warranty is limited to the obligation, at Company’s option, to either repair or replace the relevant Deliverables. In the event that after repeated efforts Company is unable to repair or replace a defective Deliverable, then Customer’s exclusive remedy and Company’s entire liability in contract, tort, or otherwise shall be the payment by Company of Customer's actual damages after mitigation, but shall not exceed the purchase price or fee actually paid by Customer for the relevant defective Deliverable. 
The Company shall have no obligation to repair, replace, or refund the relevant Deliverable until the Customer returns the defective Deliverable to the Company. Before returning any Deliverable to the Company, the Customer must contact the Company for a return authorization and other appropriate instructions.
The Company warrants a repaired Deliverable only for the unexpired term of the original warranty for the defective Deliverable. The Company warrants parts exchanged in connection with a repair, only for the unexpired term of the original warranty for the defective Deliverable.   
**9.8 Warranty Procedure.** The Customer shall notify the Company immediately in writing of any patent or latent defects in the Deliverables, following the acceptance thereof, as soon as such defects have been discovered in the ordinary course of business within the aforementioned warranty terms. Company shall only remedy defective Deliverables under these Warranty provisions provided such defect is notified to Company within the relevant Warranty period.   
**9.9 Disclaimer.** THE ABOVE WARRANTY IS IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THOSE OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ALL OF WHICH ARE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED. COMPANY SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES; EVEN OF IT HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.   
**9.10 Limitations.** To the fullest extent permitted by law, Company’s total liability whatsoever, in contract, tort (including negligence or breach of statutory duty), or howsoever otherwise arising in connection with direct damage in the performance or contemplated performance of this Agreement for each respective breach or series of related breaches or any and all losses, shall not exceed in the aggregate (i) the actual amount paid for the specific Product, or other item, giving rise to the claim; or (ii) USD 250,000, whichever amount is lower. The existence of one or more claims under this Agreement shall not enlarge the limit.
In no event shall Company be liable to Customer for any indirect or consequential loss or damage (whether for loss of profit, loss of business, loss of opportunity, missed savings, depletion of goodwill, recall, dismantling or otherwise), costs, expenses or other claims for consequential compensation.
The limitations and exclusions referred to in this clause will not apply in the event the liability results from the Company’s intent (or that of its subordinates or assistants).
The limitations and exclusions of liability, as well as indemnity stipulated for Company itself in the above paragraphs are also stipulated for and on behalf of its directors, employees, agents and other intermediaries and/or any other person employed by it or delivering services to it within the framework of the Agreement.   

**10. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHT INFRINGEMENTS**   
Company will defend and/or settle any claims against Customer that allege that a Company-branded product or service as supplied under this Agreement infringes the intellectual property rights of a third party. Company will rely on Customer’s prompt notification of the claim and cooperation with Company’s defense. Company may modify the product or service so as to be non-infringing and materially equivalent, or we may procure a license. If these options are not available, Company will refund to Customer the amount paid for the affected product in the first year or the depreciated value thereafter or, for support services, the balance of any pre-paid amount.  Company is not responsible for claims resulting from any unauthorized use of the products or services.

**11. TERM AND TERMINATION**   
**11.1 Term.** This Agreement enters into effect on the Effective Date and shall, subject to the provisions hereinafter, continue to be in effect for as long as Customer is entitled to receive Maintenance and Support Services from Company, which term is set forth in the Specific Agreement or the Purchase Order.   
**11.2 Termination for Cause.** Either Party may terminate this Agreement for cause and without penalty in the following circumstances: (i) the other Party applied for, or consents to, the appointment of, or the taking of possession by, a receiver, custodian, trustee or liquidator of itself or of all or a substantial part of its property, (ii) upon the other Party ceasing to conduct business, becoming or being declared by a federal bankruptcy court to be insolvent or bankrupt, or being the subject of any proceeding under the federal bankruptcy code or under any other law relating to relief from creditors generally that is not dismissed within sixty (60) days; (iii) upon the appointment of, or application for, a receiver, custodian, trustee or liquidator of the other Party or all or any substantial portion of the other Party’s business or operations; (iv) upon the assignment of all or substantially all the assets of the other Party for the benefit of creditors; (v) the other Party’s liquidation, dissolution or winding-up; or (vi) upon the other Party’s material breach of this Agreement, if the other Party fails to cure such breach within thirty (30) days after receipt of written notice specifying the breach in reasonable detail. 
**14.4 Survival. Sections  7, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 (together with all other provisions hereof, including, without limitation, all Exhibits and other attachments hereto, that may be reasonably interpreted as surviving termination or expiration of this Agreement) will survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement. 

**12. CONFIDENTIALITY**    
**12.1 Confidentiality.** The Parties acknowledge and agree that each Party may be given access to Confidential Information under this Agreement. Each Party disclosing Confidential Information to the other Party in a tangible medium (e.g., a paper or disk) shall mark such medium as containing Confidential Information. Confidential Information that is disclosed orally shall be identified as confidential at the time of disclosure. Notwithstanding the marking requirement for tangible information and the identification requirement for orally disclosed information, Confidential Information will also include, without limitation, information which, due to its character or nature, reasonable people in a like position and under like circumstances would treat as confidential or understand as being confidential. All Confidential Information will be the sole and exclusive property of the Party providing the Confidential Information, and the receiving Party will not have any ownership interest in the other Party’s Confidential Information or engage in any derivative uses of such Confidential Information. Each Party agrees that during the term of this Agreement and for three (3) years thereafter, the receiving Party shall (a) use at least the same degree of care to prevent unauthorized use and disclosure of such Confidential Information as that Party uses with respect to its own Confidential Information (but in no event less than a reasonable degree of care); (b) use such Confidential Information only in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement; and (c) not disclose or grant access to such Confidential Information to any third party without the express prior written consent of the disclosing Party. The existence of this Agreement, and all of the terms and conditions hereof, shall be deemed to be Confidential Information of each of the Parties. In a circumstance in which disclosure of Confidential Information is compelled by a governmental or court order, the Party that is subject to such compelled disclosure shall limit the disclosure to only that Confidential Information which must be disclosed in order to comply with the order and shall give the other Party prompt prior written notice of such compelled disclosure so that the other Party may seek to protect such Confidential Information. The receiving Party shall return, or at the disclosing Party’s option, destroy (and certify in writing such return or destruction) any and all Confidential Information to the disclosing Party upon the written request of the disclosing Party. This Section 7.1 shall survive termination of this Agreement.    
**12.2 Equitable Relief.** Each party agrees that its breach of any provision in this Section 7 may result in irreparable harm to the other party for which monetary damages may not provide a sufficient remedy. Therefore, the non-breaching party may seek both monetary damages and equitable relief with respect to any such breach. In the event a party commits a material breach of any obligation in this Section 9 and such breach by its nature is not curable or, if curable, the breaching party fails to cure such breach within thirty (30) days after the non-breaching party gives written notice to the breaching party of such breach, the non-breaching party may, in addition to any other remedies it may have, terminate this Agreement, in whole or in part, effective immediately and without liability in connection therewith, by giving separate written notice. 

**13. RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES**    
Company is an independent contractor, and this Agreement will not be construed to create any partnership, joint venture, agency or employment relationship between Company and Customer. Company will not represent itself to be an employee, representative, partner, joint venturer or agent of Customer. Company will have no authority (a) to enter into any agreement on Customer’s behalf or in Customer’s name or represent Customer for any purpose whatsoever, or (b) to promote or sell Customer’s products or services. Company will retain full control over the manner in which it performs all services provided to Customer and will not be entitled to workers’ compensation, retirement, insurance, stock options or other benefits afforded to employees of Customer. 

**14. MISCELLANEOUS**    
**14.1 Assignment.** The Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties thereto and their respective, permitted successors. Company may assign the Agreement in its discretion without Customer’s consent, and Customer shall be provided notice of such assignment thereafter.  The Agreement is personal to Customer and, accordingly, shall not be assigned by Customer without the prior written consent of Company, which Company shall not unreasonably withhold.   
**14.2 Waivers and Remedies.** The failure of either Party to enforce any provision of this Agreement will not constitute a waiver of such Party’s rights to subsequently enforce the provision. The remedies specified in this Agreement are in addition to any other remedies that may be available at law or in equity.    
**14.3. Severability.** If any provision of this Agreement will be held to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, the remaining provisions will continue to be valid and enforceable. If a court finds that any provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable, but that by limiting such provision, it would become valid and enforceable, then such provision will be deemed to be written, construed, and enforced as so limited.    
**14.4. Governing Law.** All disputes arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be finally settled under the Rules of Arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce (ICC) by one or more arbitrators appointed in accordance with the said Rules. This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg. The place of arbitration shall be Dubai. The language of such arbitral proceedings shall be English.   





The undersigned, acting in the name and on behalf of Customer, and having read and understood these Terms, hereby accepts and agrees to be legally bound.



Name: ________________________________
Title : _________________________________
Date: _________________________________


<style type="text/css">
ol, li { padding: 0; margin: 0 0 0 9px; }
p { line-height: 26px;}
</style>